Q5. What is Doctype declaration in html?
   
   Doctype declaration :-
                        A document type declaration (DTD), also known as a DOCTYPE,
                        is the first line of code in every HTML or XHTML document.
                        It tells the web browser what version of HTML the page is
                        written in. This ensures that the web page is parsed the
                        same way by different web browsers. 

                        To declare an HTML5 doctype, `<! DOCTYPE html>` is required
                        in the first line of your HTML document. Doctype declaration
                        for HTML5 is not case sensitive and does not require a closing tag. 

                        If there is no doctype declaration in an HTML document, the web
                        browser is forced to enter into "quirks mode," which can cause
                        the browser to render the page differently than intended.
                        This can result in compatibility issues with different browsers
                        and outdated versions of the same browser. 

                        When authoring document is HTML or XHTML, it is important to Add a 
                        Doctype declaration. This makes sure the document will be parsed the
                        same way by different browsers.

                        The simplest and most reliable doctype declaration to use is the one defined in HTML5:

                                               <!DOCTYPE html>
                         If you need a doctype matching a specific version of (X)HTML, the doctype declaration
                         must be exact (both in spelling and in case) to have the desired effect, which makes it
                         sometimes difficult. To ease the work, below is a list of recommended doctype declarations
                         that you can use in your Web documents

                         there are many other proper declarations you could use, but it has most of the declarations
                         commonly used on the Web at the moment.

                         1.HTML Doctype Declarations List
                         2.MathML Doctype Declarations
                         3.Compound documents doctype declarations
                         4.Optional doctype declarations
                         5.Historical doctype declarations
